# PKI_Key_Exchange_Protocols
This testing environment is a simple graphical user interface (GUI) application implemented using the Tkinter library in Python. It provides a user interface to perform key exchange using two different protocols: ECDH (Elliptic Curve Diffie-Hellman) and DH (Diffie-Hellman).

The imported libraries are as follows: 
tkinter provides the basic functionality to create GUI windows, labels, menus, buttons, etc.
messagebox is a module within Tkinter that allows displaying pop-up message boxes.
cryptography.hazmat.primitives.asymmetric provides the classes for asymmetric key algorithms such as ECDH and DH.
cryptography.hazmat.primitives.serialization enables serialization and deserialization of cryptographic objects.
cryptography.hazmat.primitives.hashes contains cryptographic hash functions.
cryptography.hazmat.backends.default_backend provides the default backend for the cryptographic operations.
time is a standard Python library used for measuring time durations.

The `perform_key_exchange` function is defined to perform the key exchange based on the selected protocol and key size. If no key size is selected, an error message is displayed. If the protocol is "ECDH": A private key is generated using the selected elliptic curve and key size. The public key is extracted from the private key. The public key is serialized into a PEM-encoded format. The serialized public key is assumed to be transmitted to the other party. The received public key is deserialized. A shared key is generated by exchanging the private key and received public key.
